Magic
05-08-2016
May 8,2016
May
Magic. Abracadabra zippity zoom kaboom kaboom and I pull a rabbit out of a hat. Pretty awesome right? Well in this case nothing happened and it was just a bunch of random words. But the concept of magic is pretty awesome. I don't know about anyone else but I am a big fan of thinking about how magic works how it enfizzles the imagination and how I hope I can accomplish everything like magic.
image:magic-hat.jpg
Magic. Abracadabra zippity zoom kaboom kaboom and I pull a rabbit out of a hat. Pretty awesome right? Well in this case nothing happened and it was just a bunch of random words. But the concept of magic is pretty awesome. I don't know about anyone else but I am a big fan of thinking about how magic works how it enfizzles the imagination and how I hope I can accomplish everything like magic.
"Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic." --Arthur C. Clarke. This is an awesome quote when you think about and apply it to everything else in life. Look at your own accomplishments and what you did in your life, looking back it like magic. Look at what any amazing entrepreneur my favorite does my favorite is Elon Musk. What he accomplishes at Tesla or SpaceX really is magic. I hope what I accomplish in my life and accomplishments will be magic eventually. 
###
image:spacex.jpg
Outside of that example of magic, magic is awesome in another way. It enfizzles the imagination. I am a true fan of fantasy because of its magical aspect. The world is different some people have awesome abilities and they can do astounding things. I am inspired about these abilities and I wonder what I would do with these powers and how the modern world would be different if this magic existed. I also like the distance I have somewhat in these fantasy worlds. I can look at the real world and see that it is not real, what happens is pure fantasy.
My favorite of these fantasy books are Brandon Sandersons book. His magic systems and characters with magic are awesome and really defined. Although it has magic the abilities and etc are really defined. The magic follows quite definable rules. If you get a change I highly suggest you read any of his books. If you want a complete series read the Mistborn trilogy if you want a one book completion read Elantris. 
###
image:mistborn.jpg
Another random fact my super power,I could have one is mystique's ability of shapeshifting. I think it avails you many unique opportunities to understand people and scenarios. Its usefulness and uses are truly limitless. I also can't wait to the next X-men comes out. 
###
image:xmen.jpg