A Brief Overview of MVC
03 28 2016
What is MVC? MVC is a framework or organization pattern to design GUIs or websites. I personally find MVC as an extraordinarily elegant framework that makes you code much more mantainable and prettier. So I am going to go over it and how the framework is used in my website.

image
0
mvc.jpg

text
1
What is MVC? MVC is a framework or organization pattern to design GUIs or websites. I personally find MVC as an extraordinarily elegant framework that makes you code much more mantainable and prettier. So I am going to go over it and how the framework works and how it is used in my website.

text
2
The premise of MVC is to break up GUIs into 3 major parts models, views and controllers. Models essentially are the objects and pieces in the GUI. Views are how the objects are arranged in the website. And finally the controller controls the views and the objects making up the gui function itself. 

text
3
So lets go through a simple example, namely a catalog. From a catalog lets begin to break the functionality into the 3 pieces. The simplest is models. What objects make up a catalog? I can think of roughly 3 models namely an item, the store or catalog conglomerate, and lastly something like a receipt to keep track of all the items you want to buy from a catalog. For simplicity lets only look at 1 example of a model. An item would be composed of a name, a price and perhaps a pictre and a way to access each of these components. Views would be taking the image of each item and displaying them in a table. Lastly a controller would be moving items into an invoice and holding all the prices and items together.

text
4
So why is this framework awesome. I think its awesome largely because it seperates the major pieces of a website and allows them to work together to create a page. Thereotically speaking items could be interchanged or the method to retrieve the items could be changed without changing the website at all. In fact I did that several times in my website. First I retrieved the images through a built in get request and then I changed it to a mongodb. As nothing else changed elsewhere it just worked seemlessly. I didn't have to refactor the controllers or the views at all. 

image
5
smile.jpg 