The Difficulties of Proper Programming Architecture
02-28-2016
February 28, 2016
february
One of the hardest parts of this website now that I have been working on it for a solid month and been releasing content for a month is programming architecture, so I wanted to talk about it and my hope to learn more about it.
One of the hardest parts of this website, now that I have been working on it for a solid month and been releasing content for a month is programming architecture. So, I wanted to talk about the architecture of the website and my hopes to improve it.
Currently the architecture of this website is very simplistic. It is composed of roughly 4 parts. The first part is the drafts of the articles and slides, which are just plain text in a consistent format. The second part is the conversion of the articles and slides into json. Third is the server that takes the json files and displays them when requested whether in the slides, the article blurbs or the articles themselves. The final part is the website itself the html / javascript / images. 
The parts where the website are the most flimsy are the server and the website. Often times my links don't work or my images don't show up and thus I'm trying to improve the architecture of my website to prevent missing links and etc. 
Improving the architecture involves 2 major parts. First the restructure of the slides and secondly the adding of a database to manage each of the objects, and images. The database is also helps add my next goal with my website which is the ability to have users and comments. The database I choose with MongoDB which is especially good at storing json objectw which te majority of my websites objects are created using. 
After discussing architecture from my website's part I want to talk about programming architecture in the real world. I feel good programming archicture can only be learned through exrperience and something I seriously lack. Programming architecture is something that really seperates enterprise programming and programming we do for fun. I also feel the architecture of this website is very amateur and I hope to expand my knowledge in it.  
